Add CHANGELOG for v0.22 (#139)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.22 [2023-06-14]

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed the inline query of `secretsmanager_secret_unused` control to correctly check the age of secrets. ([#138](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/138))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the inline query of the `secretsmanager_secret_unused` to accurately verify if a secret has remained unused for a specified duration. ([#138](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/138))
```
